Update .NET Core get started articles (console app and class library) (#16115)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tutorials/with-visual-studio.md

## Prerequisites

- [Visual Studio 2019 version 16.4 or a later version](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/?utm_medium=microsoft&utm_source=docs.microsoft.com&utm_campaign=inline+link&utm_content=download+vs2019) with the **.NET Core cross-platform development** workload installed. .NET Core 3.1 SDK is automatically installed when you select this workload.

For more information, see the [Install with Visual Studio](../install/sdk.md?pivots=os-windows#install-with-visual-studio) section on the [Install the .NET Core SDK](../install/sdk.md) article.

## Create the app

The following instructions create a simple Hello World console application:

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD025 -->

# [C#](#tab/csharp)

1. Open Visual Studio 2019.

1. Create a new C# .NET Core console app project named "HelloWorld".

   1. On the start window, choose **Create a new project**.

      ![Create a new project button selected on the Visual Studio start window](media/with-visual-studio/start-window.png)

>    1. On the **Create a new project** page, enter **console** in the search box. Next, choose **C#** from the Language list, and then choose **Windows** from the Platform list. Choose the **Console App (.NET Core)** template, and then choose **Next**.

Reviewer: Same point on platform:

```suggestion
   1. On the **Create a new project** page, enter **console** in the search box. Next, choose **C#** from the Language list, and then choose **All platforms** from the Platform list. Choose the **Console App (.NET Core)** template, and then choose **Next**.
```

   1. On the **Configure your new project** page,  enter **HelloWorld** in the **Project name** box. Then, choose **Create**.

      ![Configure your new project window with Project name, location, and solution name fields](media/with-visual-studio/configure-new-project.png)

   The C# Console Application template for .NET Core automatically defines a class, `Program`, with a single method, `Main`, that takes a <xref:System.String> array as an argument. `Main` is the application entry point, the method that's called automatically by the runtime when it launches the application. Any command-line arguments supplied when the application is launched are available in the *args* array.

   ![Visual Studio and the new HelloWorld project](media/with-visual-studio/visual-studio-main-window.png)

# [Visual Basic](#tab/vb)

1. Open Visual Studio 2019.

1. Create a new Visual Basic .NET Core console app project named "HelloWorld".

   1. On the start window, choose **Create a new project**.

      ![Create a new project button selected on the Visual Studio start window](media/with-visual-studio/start-window.png)

>    1. On the **Create a new project** page, enter **console** in the search box. Next, choose **Visual Basic** from the Language list, and then choose **Windows** from the Platform list. Choose the **Console App (.NET Core)** template, and then choose **Next**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. On the **Create a new project** page, enter **console** in the search box. Next, choose **Visual Basic** from the Language list, and then choose **All platforms** from the Platform list. Choose the **Console App (.NET Core)** template, and then choose **Next**.
```
